-> Beekeper:
Duration: 101 Minutes
Director: David Ayer 
Release Date: 12 January 2024
Genre: Action/Thriller
Synopsis: One man's brutal campaign for vengeance takes on national stakes after it's revealed he's a former operative of a powerful and clandestine organization known as Beekeepers.

-> Jurassic Park:
Duration: 127 Minutes
Director: Steven Spielberg
Release date: 15 April 1994
Genre: Sci-fi/Adventure
Synopsis: A joyride at a wildlife amusement park, which contains cloned dinosaurs, soon becomes a horrifying experience when a power breakdown afflicts the park and the dinosaurs begin to react violently.

-> E.T. the Extra-Terrestial:
Duration: 115 Minutes
Director: Steven Spielberg
Release date: 11 June 1982
Genre: Drama/Sci-fi
Synopsis: An alien is left behind on Earth and is saved by young Elliot who decides to keep him hidden. While the task force hunts for it, Elliot and his siblings form an emotional bond with their new friend.

-> The Avengers:
Duration:92 Minutes
Director: Joss Whedon
Release Date: 27 April 2012 
Genre: Adventure/Action
Synopsis: S.H.I.E.L.D. leader Nick Fury is compelled to launch the Avengers programme when Loki poses a threat to planet Earth. But the superheroes must learn to work together if they are to stop him in time.

-> Dark Knight:
Duration: 152 Minutes
Director: Christopher Nolan
Release Date: 18 July 2008
Genre: Drama/Action
Synopsis: Batman has a new foe, the Joker, who is an accomplished criminal hell-bent on decimating Gotham City. Together with Gordon and Harvey Dent, Batman struggles to thwart the Joker before it is too late.


SONGS:

->Abbey Roads - The Beatles:
Duration: 47 Minutes 3secs
Artist:The Beatles
Release Date:26 September 1969
Genre: Rock, Rock and roll, Pop rock, Hard rock, Progressive rock, Blues rock, Art rock
Label: Apple Records
Synopsis: Abbey Road is the eleventh studio album by the English rock band the Beatles, released on 26 September 1969. It is the last album the group recorded, although Let It Be was the last album completed before the band's break-up in April 1970. 

-> Midnight Memories - One Direction:
Duration: 47 Minutes 41secs
Artist:One Direction
Release Date:25 November 2013
Genre: Pop music, Pop rock, Dance-pop
Label: Columbia, Syco
Synopsis: Midnight Memories is the third studio album by English-Irish boy band One Direction, released on 25 November 2013 by Columbia Records, Syco Music and Sony Music.

-> Tickets To My Downfall - Machine Gun Kelly:
Duration: 36 Minutes
Artist: Machine Gun Kelly
Release Date: 25 September 2020
Genre: Pop-punk
Label: Interscope Records
Synopsis: After four successful albums of emotionally charged hip-hop, MGK's new album 'Tickets To My Downfall' is a love letter to all things punk rock. The self-aware title knows that this move is a risk but the confidence in painting that target on his own back is also what makes this record so brilliant.

-> AM - Arctic Monkeys:
Duration:
Artist: Arctic Monkeys
Release Date: 9 September 2013
Genre: Rock, Indie rock, Garage rock, Psychedelic rock,Hard rock, Contemporary R&B
Label: Domino Recording Company, EMI, Warner Records
Synopsis: AM is the fifth studio album by English rock band Arctic Monkeys. It was produced by longtime collaborator James Ford and co-produced by Ross Orton at Sage & Sound Recording in Los Angeles and Rancho De La Luna in Joshua Tree, California.

-> Hybrid Theory - Linkin Park:
Duration: 37 Minutes
Artist: Linkin Park
Release Date: 24 October 2000
Genre: Nu metal, Alternative rock, Rap rock, Alternative metal, Rap metal, Rapcore, Electronics in rock music
Label: Warner Records
Synopsis: Hybrid Theory is the debut studio album by American rock band Linkin Park, released on October 24, 2000, through Warner Bros. Records.

-> Justice - Justin Bieber:
Duration: 48 Minutes 13secs
Artist: Justin Bieber
Release Date: 19 March 2021
Genre: Pop music
Label: RBMG Records
Synopsis: Justice is the sixth studio album by Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released on March 19, 2021, by Def Jam Recordings. The album features guest appearances from Khalid, Chance the Rapper, the Kid Laroi, Dominic Fike, Daniel Caesar, Giveon, Beam, Burna Boy, and Benny Blanco.